Item 2. Properties

Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1A
subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. A material adverse
impact on our consolidated financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final
outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.
We may have additional tax liabilities. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions.
Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our
business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We regularly are
under audit by tax authorities. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make
resolving tax disputes favorably more difficult. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final
determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions
and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements in
the period or periods in which that determination is made.
We earn a significant amount of our operating income from outside the U.S., and any repatriation of funds currently held in
foreign jurisdictions to the U.S. may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, there have been
proposals from Congress to change U.S. tax laws that would significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are
taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed legislation may pass, if
enacted, it could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flows.
Our hardware and software products may experience quality or supply problems. Our vertically-integrated
hardware products such as Xbox consoles, Surface devices, phones, and other devices we design, manufacture, and
market are highly complex and can have defects in design, manufacture, or associated software. We could incur
significant expenses, lost revenue, and reputational harm if we fail to detect or address such issues through design,
testing, or warranty repairs. We acquire some device components from sole suppliers. Our competitors use some of the
same suppliers and their demand for hardware components can affect the capacity available to us. If a component from a
sole-source supplier is delayed or becomes unavailable, whether because of supplier capacity constraint or industry
shortages, we may not obtain timely replacement supplies, resulting in reduced sales. Component shortages, excess or
obsolete inventory, or price reductions resulting in inventory adjustments may increase our cost of revenue. Xbox
consoles, Surface devices, phones, and other hardware are assembled in Asia and other geographies that may be subject
to disruptions in the supply chain, resulting in shortages that would affect our revenue and operating margins. These same
risks would apply to any other vertically-integrated hardware and software products we may offer.
Our software products also may experience quality or reliability problems. The highly sophisticated software products we
develop may contain bugs and other defects that interfere with their intended operation. Any defects we do not detect and
fix in pre-release testing could cause reduced sales and revenue, damage to our reputation, repair or remediation costs,
delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability. Although our license agreements typically contain
provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal
challenge.
Our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks. Our customers are located in over 200
countries and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. The global nature of our business creates
operational and economic risks. Emerging markets are a significant focus of our international growth strategy. The
developing nature of these markets presents several risks, including deterioration of social, political, labor, or economic
conditions in a country or region, and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. Although we hedge a portion
of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and
foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenue. Competitive or regulatory pressure to make our pricing structure
uniform might require that we reduce the sales price of our software in the U.S. and other countries.
Catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions may disrupt our business. A disruption or failure of our systems or
operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could
cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. Our corporate headquarters, a
significant portion of our research and development activities, and certain other essential business operations are in the
Seattle, Washington area, and we have other business operations in the
25