Item 3. Legal Proceedings

Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1A, 1B, 2
Silicon Valley area of California, both of which are seismically active regions. A catastrophic event that results in the
destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or IT systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business
operations. Providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our
systems and strength of our business continuity management plans, and magnifies the potential impact of prolonged
service outages on our operating results.
Abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected
countries, which may increase our operating costs. These conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget for
technology investment decisions by our customers, and may cause supply chain disruptions for hardware manufacturers,
either of which may adversely affect our revenue. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy or the IT
industry in particular are unclear. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of
energy or other natural resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources,
necessary to run our business. Changes in weather where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling
computer hardware we use to develop software and provide cloud-based services.
Adverse economic or market conditions may harm our business. Worsening economic conditions, including
inflation, recession, or other changes in economic conditions, may cause lower IT spending and adversely affect our
revenue. If demand for PCs, servers, and other computing devices declines, or consumer or business spending for those
products declines, our revenue will be adversely affected. Substantial revenue comes from our U.S. government contracts.
An extended federal government shutdown resulting from failing to pass budget appropriations, adopt continuing funding
resolutions or raise the debt ceiling, and other budgetary decisions limiting or delaying federal government spending, could
reduce government IT spending on our products and services and adversely affect our revenue.
Our product distribution system relies on an extensive partner and retail network. OEMs building devices that run our
software have also been a significant means of distribution. The impact of economic conditions on our partners, such as
the bankruptcy of a major distributor, OEM, or retailer, could cause sales channel disruption.
Challenging economic conditions also may impair the ability of our customers to pay for products and services they have
purchased. As a result, allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable may increase.
We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general
credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events that affect global financial
markets. A significant part of our investment portfolio comprises U.S. government securities. If global credit and equity
markets decline for long periods, or if there is a downgrade of the U.S. government credit rating due to an actual or
threatened default on government debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that
more of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges
that could adversely affect our financial results.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC that were
issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2015 that remain unresolved.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our corporate offices consist of approximately 15 million square feet of office space located in King County, Washington:
10 million square feet of owned space situated on approximately 500 acres of land we own at our corporate campus in
Redmond, Washington and approximately five million square feet of space we lease. We own approximately five million
additional square feet of office and data center space domestically (outside of the Puget Sound corporate campus) and
lease many sites domestically totaling approximately five million square feet of office and data center space.
26