Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Table of Contents
PART II
Item 7
Inventories
Inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or market. Cost includes materials, labor, and
manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. We regularly review inventory quantities on
hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. These reviews include
analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy,
and component cost trends. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a
new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue. The determination of market value and the estimated volume of
demand used in the lower of cost or market analysis require significant judgment.
49
Table of Contents
PART II
Item 7
STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are
presented in this report. The consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates
and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.
The Company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at
reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial
records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. These
systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful
selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
The Company engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an
opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the Company, meets
periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each
is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche
LLP and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the Audit Committee.
Satya Nadella
Chief Executive Officer
Amy E. Hood
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Frank H. Brod
Corporate Vice President, Finance and Administration;
Chief Accounting Officer
50