Item 3. Legal Proceedings

PART I
Item 1B, 2, 3, 4
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2018 that remain
unresolved.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our corporate headquarters are located in Redmond, Washington. We have approximately 15 million square feet of
space located in King County, Washington that is used for engineering, sales, marketing, and operations, among other
general and administrative purposes. These facilities include approximately 10 million square feet of owned space
situated on approximately 540 acres of land we own at our corporate headquarters, and approximately five million
square feet of space we lease. In addition, we own and lease space domestically that includes office, datacenter, and
retail space.
We also own and lease facilities internationally. The largest owned properties include: our research and development
centers in China and India; our datacenters in Ireland, Singapore, and the Netherlands; and our operations and
facilities in Ireland and the United Kingdom. The largest leased properties include space in the following locations:
India, China, France, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Germany, and Japan.
In addition to the above locations, we have various product development facilities, both domestically and internationally,
as described under Research and Development (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K).
The table below shows a summary of the square footage of our office, datacenter, retail, and other facilities owned and
leased domestically and internationally as of June 30, 2018:
(Square feet in millions)
Location Owned Leased Total
U.S. 18 13 31
International 6 13 19
Total 24 26 50
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
While not material to the Company, the Company makes the following annual report of the general activities of the
Company’s Antitrust Compliance Office as required by the Final Order and Judgment in Barovic v. Ballmer et al, United
States District Court for the Western District of Washington (“Final Order”). For more information see
http://aka.ms/MSLegalNotice2015. These annual reports will continue through 2020. During fiscal year 2018, the
Antitrust Compliance Office (a) monitored the Company’s compliance with the European Commission Decision of
March 24, 2004, (“2004 Decision”) and with the Company’s Public Undertaking to the European Commission dated
December 16, 2009 (“2009 Undertaking”); (b) monitored, in the manner required by the Final Order, employee,
customer, competitor, regulator, or other third-party complaints regarding compliance with the 2004 Decision, the 2009
Undertaking, or other EU or U.S. laws or regulations governing tying, bundling, and exclusive dealing contracts; and,
(c) monitored, in the manner required by the Final Order, the training of the Company’s employees regarding the
Company’s antitrust compliance polices. In addition, the Antitrust Compliance Officer reports to the Regulatory and
Public Policy Committee of the Board at each of its regularly scheduled meetings and to the full Board annually.
Refer to Note 17 – Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for information
regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
29