Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

PART II
Item 8
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as of June 30, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
stockholders’ equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2018, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2018, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (“PCAOB”), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018, based on criteria
established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August 3, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.
Change in Accounting Principles
As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for revenue
from contracts with customers and for accounting for leases in fiscal year 2018 due to the adoption of the new revenue
standard and new lease standard, respectively. The Company adopted the new revenue standard using the full
retrospective approach and adopted the new lease standard using a modified retrospective approach.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Seattle, Washington
August 3, 2018
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1983.
97
PART II
Item 9, 9A
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are
effective.
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for
the company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of
company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial
statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would
be prevented or detected.
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the company’s internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2018. Deloitte & Touche LLP has audited our internal control over
financial reporting as of June 30, 2018; their report is included in Item 9A.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2018 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We
implemented internal controls to ensure we adequately evaluated our contracts and properly assessed the impact of
the new accounting standards related to revenue recognition and leases on our financial statements to facilitate their
adoption on July 1, 2017. There were no significant changes to our internal control over financial reporting due to the
adoption of the new standards.
98