Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market values of its investment portfolio.
The Company’s investments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, market and economic
conditions, political risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of the Company’s
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. Therefore, although the Company has not realized any
significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in significant
realized losses and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments
related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
The Company distributes its products through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. The Company
also sells its products directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. A
substantial majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank support or
financing arrangements, or credit insurance. The Company’s exposure to credit and collectibility risk on its trade receivables is
higher in certain international markets and its ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. The Company also has unsecured vendor
non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendors that manufacture sub-
assemblies or assemble final products for the Company. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with long-term
supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components. As of September 29, 2018, a significant portion of the Company’s
trade receivables was concentrated within cellular network carriers, and its vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to
long-term supply agreements were concentrated among a few individual vendors located primarily in Asia. While the Company has
procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term
prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses.
The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or
exposure to additional tax liabilities.
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland, where a number of the Company’s
subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant
change. The Company’s effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory
tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation, including in the
U.S. and Ireland.
The Company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the
“IRS”) and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome
resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the
outcome of these examinations. If the Company’s effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in the U.S. or Ireland, or if the
ultimate determination of the Company’s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Company’s
financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Apple Inc. | 2018 Form 10-K | 17