Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Item 2. Properties
The Company’s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California. As of September 29, 2018, the Company owned 16.5 million
square feet and leased 24.3 million square feet of building space, primarily in the U.S. Additionally, the Company owned a total of
7,376 acres of land, primarily in the U.S.
As of September 29, 2018, the Company owned facilities and land for corporate functions, R&D and data centers at various
locations throughout the U.S. Outside the U.S., the Company owned additional facilities and land for various purposes.
The Company believes its existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all reportable segments, are in good operating
condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business. The Company has invested in internal capacity and strategic relationships
with outside manufacturing vendors and continues to make investments in capital equipment as needed to meet anticipated demand
for its products and services.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary
course of business. Except as described in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Note 9, “Commitments and Contingencies” under the heading “Contingencies,” in the opinion of management, there was not at least
a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with
respect to loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims.
The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting
period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results for that
reporting period could be materially adversely affected. Refer to the risk factor “The Company could be impacted by unfavorable
results of legal proceedings, such as being found to have infringed on intellectual property rights” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K
under the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2018 that did not individually or
in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or operating results.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Apple Inc. | 2018 Form 10-K | 18