Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Management believes it is more likely than not that forecasted income, including income that may be generated as a result of certain
tax planning strategies, together with future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficient to recover the
Company’s deferred tax assets. In the event that the Company determines all or part of its net deferred tax assets are not realizable
in the future, the Company will record an adjustment to the valuation allowance and a corresponding charge to earnings in the period
such determination is made. In addition, the calculation of tax liabilities involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of
uncertainties in the application of GAAP and complex tax laws. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with
management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted the Act, which significantly changed U.S. tax law. The Act lowered the Company’s U.S.
statutory federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, while also imposing a deemed repatriation tax on
previously deferred foreign income. The Act also created a new minimum tax on certain future foreign earnings. The impact of the
Act increased the Company’s provision for income taxes by $1.5 billion during 2018. This increase was composed of $2.0 billion
related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets and liabilities and $1.2 billion associated with the deemed repatriation tax,
partially offset by a $1.7 billion impact the deemed repatriation tax had on the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits. Certain
amounts reported by the Company related to the Act are provisional estimates in accordance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 118. Resolution of the Act’s effects different from the assumptions made by the Company could have a material impact on the
Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Legal and Other Contingencies
As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 9, “Commitments and Contingencies,” the Company is subject to various legal
proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss
has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Except as
described in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 9, “Commitments and
Contingencies” under the heading “Contingencies,” in the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the
Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies
for asserted legal and other claims.
The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting
period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results for that
reporting period could be materially adversely affected.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management
The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions and interest rate swaps, both on a stand-alone
basis and in conjunction with its underlying foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Given the effective horizons of the
Company’s risk management activities and the anticipatory nature of the exposures, there can be no assurance these positions will
offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in either foreign exchange or interest rates. Further, the
recognition of the gains and losses related to these instruments may not coincide with the timing of gains and losses related to the
underlying economic exposures and, therefore, may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Interest Rate Risk
The Company’s exposure to changes in interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s investment portfolio and outstanding debt.
While the Company is exposed to global interest rate fluctuations, the Company’s interest income and expense are most sensitive to
fluctuations in U.S. interest rates. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash, cash equivalents
and marketable securities and the fair value of those securities, as well as costs associated with hedging and interest paid on the
Company’s debt.
The Company’s investment policy and strategy are focused on preservation of capital and supporting the Company’s liquidity
requirements. The Company uses a combination of internal and external management to execute its investment strategy and
achieve its investment objectives. The Company typically invests in highly rated securities, with the primary objective of minimizing
the potential risk of principal loss. The Company’s investment policy generally requires securities to be investment grade and limits
the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the
Company’s investment portfolio, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in interest rates
would have on the value of the investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on investment
positions as of September 29, 2018 and September 30, 2017, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all
maturities would result in a $4.9 billion and $6.0 billion incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio, respectively. Such
losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity.
Apple Inc. | 2018 Form 10-K | 35
As of September 29, 2018 and September 30, 2017, the Company had outstanding floating- and fixed-rate notes with varying
maturities for an aggregate carrying amount of $102.5 billion and $103.7 billion, respectively. The Company has entered, and in the
future may enter, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on its outstanding term debt. Interest rate swaps allow the
Company to effectively convert fixed-rate payments into floating-rate payments or floating-rate payments into fixed-rate payments.
Gains and losses on term debt are generally offset by the corresponding losses and gains on the related hedging instrument. A 100
basis point increase in market interest rates would cause interest expense on the Company’s debt as of September 29, 2018 and
September 30, 2017 to increase by $399 million and $376 million on an annualized basis, respectively.
Further details regarding the Company’s debt is provided in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements in Note 5, “Debt.”
Foreign Currency Risk
In general, the Company is a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in
particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect the Company’s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S.
dollars. There is a risk that the Company will have to adjust local currency product pricing due to competitive pressures when there
has been significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.
The Company may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions to protect against foreign
exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, certain firmly committed transactions, forecasted future cash
flows and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the Company has entered, and in the future may enter, into foreign
currency contracts to partially offset the foreign currency exchange gains and losses on its foreign currency–denominated debt
issuances. The Company generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and
inventory purchases, typically for up to 12 months. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain foreign exchange
exposures for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging
particular exposures.
To provide a meaningful assessment of the foreign currency risk associated with certain of the Company’s foreign currency
derivative positions, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the potential impact
of fluctuations in exchange rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Carlo simulation to generate thousands of random
market price paths assuming normal market conditions. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence
interval, to the Company’s foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements in rates. The VAR model is not intended
to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and management tool. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments and
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were excluded from the model. Based on the results of the model, the
Company estimates with 95% confidence, a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $592 million as of September 29, 2018 compared
to a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $485 million as of September 30, 2017. Because the Company uses foreign currency
instruments for hedging purposes, the losses in fair value incurred on those instruments are generally offset by increases in the fair
value of the underlying exposures.
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Company’s investment portfolio, debt and derivative positions may differ
materially from the sensitivity analyses performed as of September 29, 2018 due to the inherent limitations associated with
predicting the timing and amount of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and the Company’s actual exposures
and positions.
Apple Inc. | 2018 Form 10-K | 36