Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

PART II
Item 8
Revenue Recognition — Refer to Note 1 to the Financial Statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. The
Company offers customers the ability to acquire multiple licenses of software products and services, including cloud-
based services, in its customer agreements through its volume licensing programs.
Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements,
and includes the following:
• Determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should
be accounted for separately versus together, such as software licenses and related services that are sold
with cloud-based services.
• Determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and for products and
services that are not sold separately.
• The pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct performance obligation.
• Estimation of variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize (e.g., customer
credits, incentives, and in certain instances, estimation of customer usage of products and services).
Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management’s judgments in determining revenue recognition
for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our principal audit procedures related to the Company’s revenue recognition for these customer agreements included
the following:
• We tested the effectiveness of internal controls related to the identification of distinct performance
obligations, the determination of the timing of revenue recognition, and the estimation of variable
consideration.
• We evaluated management’s significant accounting policies related to these customer agreements for
reasonableness.
• We selected a sample of customer agreements and performed the following procedures:
• Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection, including master agreements, and
other documents that were part of the agreement.
• Tested management’s identification of significant terms for completeness, including the identification of
distinct performance obligations and variable consideration.
• Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management’s
application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of
revenue recognition conclusions.
• We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimate of stand-alone selling prices for products and
services that are not sold separately.
• We tested the mathematical accuracy of management’s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of
revenue recognized in the financial statements.
94
PART II
Item 8
Income Taxes — Uncertain Tax Positions — Refer to Note 12 to the Financial Statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company’s long-term income taxes liability includes uncertain tax positions related to transfer pricing issues that
remain unresolved with the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). The Company remains under IRS audit, or subject to IRS
audit, for tax years subsequent to 2003. While the Company has settled a portion of the IRS audits, resolution of the
remaining matters could have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements.
Conclusions on recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions involve significant estimates and management
judgment and include complex considerations of the Internal Revenue Code, related regulations, tax case laws, and
prior-year audit settlements. Given the complexity and the subjective nature of the transfer pricing issues that remain
unresolved with the IRS, evaluating management’s estimates relating to their determination of uncertain tax positions
required extensive audit effort and a high degree of auditor judgment, including involvement of our tax specialists.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management’s estimates of uncertain tax positions related to unresolved
transfer pricing issues included the following:
• We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and assumptions used in the
identification, recognition, measurement, and disclosure of uncertain tax positions, which included testing
the effectiveness of the related internal controls.
• We read and evaluated management’s documentation, including relevant accounting policies and
information obtained by management from outside tax specialists, that detailed the basis of the uncertain
tax positions.
• We tested the reasonableness of management’s judgments regarding the future resolution of the uncertain
tax positions, including an evaluation of the technical merits of the uncertain tax positions.
• For those uncertain tax positions that had not been effectively settled, we evaluated whether management
had appropriately considered new information that could significantly change the recognition, measurement
or disclosure of the uncertain tax positions.
• We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimates by considering how tax law, including
statutes, regulations and case law, impacted management’s judgments.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Seattle, Washington
August 1, 2019
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1983.
95