Item 9B. Other Information

PART II
Item 9, 9A
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are
effective.
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for
the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and
expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable
assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our
consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our
consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected.
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2019. There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2019 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP has audited our internal control over financial
reporting as of June 30, 2019; their report is included in Item 9A.
96