Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

PART I
Item 1A
Our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks. Our customers are located
throughout the world and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. The global
nature of our business creates operational, economic, and geopolitical risks. Our results of operations
may be affected by global, regional, and local economic developments, monetary policy, inflation, and
recession, as well as political and military disputes. In addition, our international growth strategy
includes certain markets, the developing nature of which presents several risks, including deterioration
of social, political, labor, or economic conditions in a country or region, and difficulties in staffing and
managing foreign operations. Emerging nationalist and protectionist trends and concerns about human
rights, the environment, and political expression in specific countries may significantly alter the trade
and commercial environments. Changes to trade policy or agreements as a result of populism,
protectionism, or economic nationalism may result in higher tariffs, local sourcing initiatives, and non-
local sourcing restrictions, export controls, investment restrictions, or other developments that make it
more difficult to sell our products in foreign countries. Disruptions of these kinds in developed or
emerging markets could negatively impact demand for our products and services, impair our ability to
operate in certain regions, or increase operating costs. Although we hedge a portion of our international
currency exposure, significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign
currencies may adversely affect our results of operations.
Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. Our business is
based on successfully attracting and retaining talented employees representing diverse backgrounds,
experiences, and skill sets. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely
competitive. Maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a diverse and inclusive work environment
that enables all our employees to thrive, are important to our ability to recruit and retain employees. We
are also limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. Changes
to U.S. immigration policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent may inhibit our
ability to adequately staff our research and development efforts. If we are less successful in our
recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and
deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. Effective succession planning is also
important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth
transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. How
employment-related laws are interpreted and applied to our workforce practices may result in increased
operating costs and less flexibility in how we meet our workforce needs. Our global workforce is
predominantly non-unionized, although we do have some employees in the U.S. and internationally who
are represented by unions or works councils. In the U.S., there has been a general increase in workers
exercising their right to form or join a union. The unionization of significant employee populations could
result in higher costs and other operational changes necessary to respond to changing conditions and to
establish new relationships with worker representatives.
36