Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules

PART II
Item 8
Revenue, classified by significant product and service offerings, was as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021
Server products and cloud services $ 79,970 $ 67,350 $ 52,589
Office products and cloud services 48,728 44,862 39,872
Windows 21,507 24,732 22,488
Gaming 15,466 16,230 15,370
LinkedIn 15,145 13,816 10,289
Search and news advertising 12,208 11,591 9,267
Enterprise Services 7,722 7,407 6,943
Devices 5,521 7,306 7,143
Dynamics 5,437 4,687 3,754
Other 211 289 373
Total $211,915 $ 198,270 $ 168,088
Our Microsoft Cloud revenue, which includes Azure and other cloud services, Office 365 Commercial, the
commercial portion of LinkedIn, Dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties, was $111.6
billion, $91.4 billion, and $69.1 billion in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. These amounts
are primarily included in Server products and cloud services, Office products and cloud services,
LinkedIn, and Dynamics in the table above.
Assets are not allocated to segments for internal reporting presentations. A portion of amortization and
depreciation is included with various other costs in an overhead allocation to each segment. It is
impracticable for us to separately identify the amount of amortization and depreciation by segment that
is included in the measure of segment profit or loss.
Long-lived assets, excluding financial instruments and tax assets, classified by the location of the
controlling statutory company and with countries over 10% of the total shown separately, were as
follows:
(In millions)
June 30, 2023 2022 2021
United States $114,380 $ 106,430 $ 76,153
Ireland 16,359 15,505 13,303
Other countries 56,500 44,433 38,858
Total $187,239 $ 166,368 $ 128,314
95
PART II
Item 8
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Microsoft Corporation and
subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of
income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders' equity, for each of the three years in
the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial
statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as
of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report
dated July 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a
public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of
the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below,
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which
they relate.
Revenue Recognition – Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in
exchange for those products or services. The Company offers customers the ability to acquire
multiple licenses of software products and services, including cloud-based services, in its customer
agreements through its volume licensing programs.
96
PART II
Item 8
Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these
customer agreements, and includes the following:
• Determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations
that should be accounted for separately versus together, such as software licenses and related
services that are sold with cloud-based services.
• The pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct
performance obligation.
• Identification and treatment of contract terms that may impact the timing and amount of
revenue recognized (e.g., variable consideration, optional purchases, and free services).
• Determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and for
products and services that are not sold separately.
Given these factors and due to the volume of transactions, the related audit effort in evaluating
management's judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was
extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's revenue recognition for these customer
agreements included the following:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the identification of distinct performance
obligations, the determination of the timing of revenue recognition, and the estimation of
variable consideration.
• We evaluated management's significant accounting policies related to these customer
agreements for reasonableness.
• We selected a sample of customer agreements and performed the following procedures:
- Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection, including master agreements,
and other documents that were part of the agreement.
- Tested management's identification and treatment of contract terms.
- Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of
management's application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the
determination of revenue recognition conclusions.
• We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimate of stand-alone selling prices for
products and services that are not sold separately.
• We tested the mathematical accuracy of management's calculations of revenue and the
associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements.
Income Taxes – Uncertain Tax Positions – Refer to Note 12 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company's long-term income taxes liability includes uncertain tax positions related to transfer
pricing issues that remain unresolved with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). The Company
remains under IRS audit, or subject to IRS audit, for tax years subsequent to 2003. While the
Company has settled a portion of the IRS audits, resolution of the remaining matters could have a
material impact on the Company's financial statements.
Conclusions on recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions involve significant estimates and
management judgment and include complex considerations of the Internal Revenue Code, related
regulations, tax case laws, and prior-year audit settlements. Given the complexity and the
subjective nature of the transfer pricing issues that remain unresolved with the IRS, evaluating
management's estimates relating to their determination of uncertain tax positions required
extensive audit effort and a high degree of auditor judgment, including involvement of our tax
specialists.
97
PART II
Item 8
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management's estimates of uncertain tax positions
related to unresolved transfer pricing issues included the following:
• We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management's methods and assumptions
used in the identification, recognition, measurement, and disclosure of uncertain tax positions,
which included testing the effectiveness of the related internal controls.
• We read and evaluated management's documentation, including relevant accounting policies
and information obtained by management from outside tax specialists, that detailed the basis of
the uncertain tax positions.
• We tested the reasonableness of management's judgments regarding the future resolution of
the uncertain tax positions, including an evaluation of the technical merits of the uncertain tax
positions.
• For those uncertain tax positions that had not been effectively settled, we evaluated whether
management had appropriately considered new information that could significantly change the
recognition, measurement or disclosure of the uncertain tax positions.
• We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimates by considering how tax law,
including statutes, regulations and case law, impacted management's judgments.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Seattle, Washington
July 27, 2023
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1983.
98
PART II
Item 9, 9A
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective.
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial
reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our
transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for
preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and
expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing
reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company assets that could
have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended
to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be
prevented or detected.
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30,
2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of
June 30, 2023; their report is included in Item 9A.
99
PART II
Item 9A
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Microsoft Corporation and
subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control
— Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established
in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the
year ended June 30, 2023, of the Company and our report dated July 27, 2023, expressed an
unqualified opinion on those financial statements.
Basis for Opinion
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Seattle, Washington
July 27, 2023
100