Item 3. Legal Proceedings

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
The Company’s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California. As of September 24, 2016, the Company owned 7.1 million
square feet and leased 22.3 million square feet of building space, primarily in the U.S. Additionally, the Company owned a total of
2,583 acres of land primarily in the U.S.
As of September 24, 2016, the Company owned facilities and land for R&D, corporate functions and data centers at various
locations throughout the U.S., including land in California that is being developed for the Company’s second corporate campus.
Outside the U.S., the Company owned additional facilities and land for various purposes.
The Company believes its existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all operating segments, are in good operating
condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business. The Company has invested in internal capacity and strategic relationships
with outside manufacturing vendors and continues to make investments in capital equipment as needed to meet anticipated demand
for its products.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary
course of business. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a
material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies for asserted legal and other
claims. However, the outcome of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company is subject to significant uncertainty.
Therefore, although management considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters
were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s
consolidated financial statements for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. See the risk factor “The Company
could be impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings, such as being found to have infringed on intellectual property rights”
in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter
of 2016 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or operating results.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K | 17