Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Table of Contents
breaches of such agreements. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product
liability.
We Face Additional Tax Liabilities and Collection Obligations
We are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. We may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities, including other liabilities for tax
collection obligations due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax,
including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. Such
changes could come about as a result of economic, political, and other conditions. An increasing number of jurisdictions are
considering or have adopted laws or administrative practices that impose new tax measures, including revenue-based taxes,
targeting online commerce and the remote selling of goods and services. These include new obligations to withhold or collect sales,
consumption, value added, or other taxes on online marketplaces and remote sellers, or other requirements that may result in
liability for third party obligations. For example, non-U.S. jurisdictions have proposed or enacted taxes on online advertising and
marketplace service revenues. Proliferation of these or similar unilateral tax measures may continue unless broader international tax
reform is implemented. In addition, the European Union and other countries (including those in which we operate) have enacted or
have committed to enact global minimum taxes, which may increase our tax expense in future years.
Our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional taxes imposed on us prospectively or
retroactively or additional taxes or penalties resulting from the failure to comply with any collection obligations or failure to
provide information about our customers, suppliers, and other third parties for tax reporting purposes to various government
agencies. In some cases we also may not have sufficient notice to enable us to build systems and adopt processes to properly
comply with new reporting or collection obligations by the effective date.
Our tax expense and liabilities are also affected by other factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions,
investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings,
losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special or extraterritorial
tax regimes, changes in foreign exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes to our forecasts of income and loss and the mix
of jurisdictions to which they relate, and changes in our tax assets and liabilities and their valuation. In the ordinary course of our
business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Significant judgment is
required in evaluating and estimating our tax expense, assets, and liabilities.
We are also subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions that can result in tax assessments against us. Developments in
an audit, investigation, or other tax controversy can have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or
periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. Due to the inherent complexity and
uncertainty of these matters, interpretations of certain tax laws by authorities, and judicial, administrative, and regulatory processes
in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome of any such controversy may be materially different from our expectations. For example,
the Indian tax authority has asserted that tax applies to cloud services fees paid to Amazon in the U.S. We are contesting this
position; however, if this matter is adversely resolved, we may be required to pay additional amounts with respect to current and
prior periods and our taxes in the future could increase. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from
these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final
outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical tax accruals.
We Are Subject to Risks Related to Government Contracts and Related Procurement Regulations
Our contracts with U.S., as well as state, local, and foreign, government entities are subject to various procurement
regulations and other requirements relating to their formation, administration, and performance. We are subject to audits and
investigations relating to our government contracts, and any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and
administrative sanctions, including termination of contract, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of
fines, and suspension or debarment from future government business. In addition, some of these contracts are subject to periodic
funding approval and/or provide for termination by the government at any time, without cause.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
We have processes in place for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from potential unauthorized occurrences
on or through our electronic information systems that could adversely affect the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our
information systems or the information residing on those systems. These include a wide variety of
16