Item 11. Executive Compensation

Table of Contents
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We carried out an evaluation required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “1934 Act”), under the supervision and
with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the 1934 Act, as of December 31, 2019. Based
on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2019, our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in
the reports that we file or submit under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) of the 1934 Act. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019 based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of
December 31, 2019, our internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Ernst & Young has independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting and its report is included below.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2019 that
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Limitations on Controls
Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable
assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and
procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter
how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud
will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.
71