Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

PART I
Item 1B, 2, 3, 4
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange
Commission that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2022 that remain unresolved.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our corporate headquarters are located in Redmond, Washington. We have approximately 15 million square feet of space located
in King County, Washington that is used for engineering, sales, marketing, and operations, among other general and
administrative purposes. These facilities include approximately 10 million square feet of owned space situated on approximately
520 acres of land we own at our corporate headquarters, and approximately 5 million square feet of space we lease. In addition,
we own and lease space domestically that includes office and datacenter space.
We also own and lease facilities internationally for datacenters, research and development, and other operations. The largest
owned properties include space in the following locations: China, India, Ireland, the Netherlands, and Singapore. The largest
leased properties include space in the following locations: Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Israel,
Japan, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom.
In addition to the above locations, we have various product development facilities, both domestically and internationally, as
described under Research and Development (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K).
The table below shows a summary of the square footage of our office, datacenter, and other facilities owned and leased
domestically and internationally as of June 30, 2022:
(Square feet in millions)
Location Owned Leased Total
U.S. 25 19 44
International 8 21 29
Total 33 40 73
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Refer to Note 15 – Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for information regarding
legal proceedings in which we are involved.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
37