Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

PART II
Item 8
Income Taxes – Uncertain Tax Positions – Refer to Note 12 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company's long-term income taxes liability includes uncertain tax positions related to transfer pricing issues that remain
unresolved with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). The Company remains under IRS audit, or subject to IRS audit, for
tax years subsequent to 2003. While the Company has settled a portion of the IRS audits, resolution of the remaining
matters could have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.
Conclusions on recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions involve significant estimates and management judgment
and include complex considerations of the Internal Revenue Code, related regulations, tax case laws, and prior-year audit
settlements. Given the complexity and the subjective nature of the transfer pricing issues that remain unresolved with the
IRS, evaluating management's estimates relating to their determination of uncertain tax positions required extensive audit
effort and a high degree of auditor judgment, including involvement of our tax specialists.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management's estimates of uncertain tax positions related to unresolved transfer
pricing issues included the following:
• We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management's methods and assumptions used in the
identification, recognition, measurement, and disclosure of uncertain tax positions, which included testing the
effectiveness of the related internal controls.
• We read and evaluated management's documentation, including relevant accounting policies and information obtained
by management from outside tax specialists, that detailed the basis of the uncertain tax positions.
• We tested the reasonableness of management's judgments regarding the future resolution of the uncertain tax
positions, including an evaluation of the technical merits of the uncertain tax positions.
• For those uncertain tax positions that had not been effectively settled, we evaluated whether management had
appropriately considered new information that could significantly change the recognition, measurement or disclosure of
the uncertain tax positions.
• We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimates by considering how tax law, including statutes,
regulations and case law, impacted management's judgments.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Seattle, Washington
July 28, 2022
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1983.
98
PART II
Item 9, 9A
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-
15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective.
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the
Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our
financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated
financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance
with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company
assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that
a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected.
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of June 30, 2022. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June
30, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Deloitte & Touche LLP has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022; their report is included in
Item 9A.
99