Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Table of Contents
consumption, value added, or other taxes on online marketplaces and remote sellers, or other requirements that may result in liability
for third party obligations. For example, non-U.S. jurisdictions have proposed or enacted taxes on online advertising and marketplace
service revenues. Proliferation of these or similar unilateral tax measures may continue unless broader international tax reform is
implemented. Our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional taxes imposed on us prospectively or
retroactively or additional taxes or penalties resulting from the failure to comply with any collection obligations or failure to provide
information about our customers, suppliers, and other third parties for tax reporting purposes to various government agencies. In some
cases we also may not have sufficient notice to enable us to build systems and adopt processes to properly comply with new reporting
or collection obligations by the effective date.
Our tax expense and liabilities are also affected by other factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions,
investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings, losses
incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special or extraterritorial tax
regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes to our forecasts of income and loss and the
mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, and changes in our tax assets and liabilities and their valuation. In the ordinary course of our
business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Significant judgment is
required in evaluating and estimating our tax expense, assets, and liabilities.
We are also subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions that can result in tax assessments against us. Developments in an
audit, investigation, or other tax controversy can have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods
for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse
outcome resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are
reasonable, the final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical
tax accruals.
We Are Subject to Risks Related to Government Contracts and Related Procurement Regulations
Our contracts with U.S., as well as state, local, and foreign, government entities are subject to various procurement regulations
and other requirements relating to their formation, administration, and performance. We are subject to audits and investigations relating
to our government contracts, and any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions,
including termination of contract, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines, and suspension or
debarment from future government business. In addition, some of these contracts are subject to periodic funding approval and/or
provide for termination by the government at any time, without cause.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
15