Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Table of Contents
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
The Company’s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California. As of September 26, 2015, the Company owned or leased
25.6 million square feet of building space, primarily in the U.S. The Company also owned or leased building space in various
locations, including throughout Europe, China, Singapore and Japan. Of the total owned or leased building space 18.5 million square
feet was leased building space, which includes approximately 5.3 million square feet related to retail store space. Additionally, the
Company owns a total of 1,757 acres of land in various locations.
As of September 26, 2015, the Company owned a manufacturing facility in Cork, Ireland that also housed a customer support call
center; facilities in Elk Grove, California that included warehousing and distribution operations and a customer support call center;
and a facility in Mesa, Arizona. The Company also owned land in Austin, Texas where it is expanding its existing office space and
customer support call center. In addition, the Company owned facilities and land for R&D and corporate functions in San Jose,
California and Cupertino, California, including land that is being developed for the Company’s second corporate campus. The
Company also owned data centers in Newark, California; Maiden, North Carolina; Prineville, Oregon; and Reno, Nevada. Outside
the U.S., the Company owned additional facilities for various purposes.
The Company believes its existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all operating segments, are in good operating
condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business. The Company has invested in internal capacity and strategic relationships
with outside manufacturing vendors and continues to make investments in capital equipment as needed to meet anticipated demand
for its products.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company is subject to the legal proceedings and claims discussed below as well as certain other legal proceedings and claims
that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, there was
not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded
accrual, with respect to loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims. However, the outcome of legal proceedings and
claims brought against the Company is subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, although management considers the likelihood
of such an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for
amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial statements for that reporting period could
be materially adversely affected. See the risk factor “The Company could be impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings,
such as being found to have infringed on intellectual property rights” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk
Factors.” The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2015 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a
material impact on the Company’s financial condition or operating results.
Apple eBooks Antitrust Litigation (United States of America v. Apple Inc., et al.)
On April 11, 2012, the U.S. Department of Justice filed a civil antitrust action against the Company and five major book publishers in
the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleging an unreasonable restraint of interstate trade and commerce in
violation of §1 of the Sherman Act and seeking, among other things, injunctive relief, the District Court’s declaration that the
Company’s agency agreements with the publishers are null and void and/or the District Court’s reformation of such agreements. On
July 10, 2013, the District Court found, following a bench trial, that the Company conspired to restrain trade in violation of §1 of the
Sherman Act and relevant state statutes to the extent those laws are congruent with §1 of the Sherman Act. The District Court
entered a permanent injunction, which took effect on October 6, 2013 and will be in effect for five years unless the judgment is
overturned on appeal. The Company has taken the necessary steps to comply with the terms of the District Court’s order, including
renegotiating agreements with the five major eBook publishers, updating its antitrust training program and completing a two-year
monitorship with a court-appointed antitrust compliance monitor, whose appointment the District Court ended in October 2015. The
Company appealed the District Court’s decision. Pursuant to a settlement agreement reached in June 2014, any damages the
Company may be obligated to pay will be determined by the outcome of the final adjudication following exhaustion of all appeals.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Apple Inc. | 2015 Form 10-K | 18