Item 11. Executive Compensation

Table of Contents
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Directors, Corporate Governance and Executive Officers” in
the Company’s 2016 Proxy Statement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) within 120 days
after September 26, 2015 in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company’s 2016 annual meeting of shareholders and
is incorporated herein by reference.
The Company has a code of ethics, “Business Conduct: The way we do business worldwide,” that applies to all employees, including
the Company’s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer, as well as to the members of the
Board of Directors of the Company. The code is available at investor.apple.com/corporate-governance.cfm. The Company intends to
disclose any changes in, or waivers from, this code by posting such information on the same website or by filing a Form 8-K, in each
case to the extent such disclosure is required by rules of the SEC or the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Executive Compensation” and under the subheadings “Board
Oversight of Risk Management,” “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Compensation of Directors” and
“Director Compensation-2015” under the heading “Directors, Corporate Governance and Executive Officers” in the Company’s 2016
Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 26, 2015 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the Company’s 2016 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within
120 days after September 26, 2015 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this Item is set forth under the subheadings “Board Committees”, “Review, Approval or Ratification of
Transactions with Related Persons” and “Transactions with Related Persons” under the heading “Directors, Corporate Governance
and Executive Officers” in the Company’s 2016 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 26, 2015
and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
The information required by this Item is set forth under the subheadings “Fees Paid to Auditors” and “Policy on Audit Committee Pre-
Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Performed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” under the proposal
“Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the Company’s 2016 Proxy Statement to be filed
with the SEC within 120 days after September 26, 2015 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Apple Inc. | 2015 Form 10-K | 72