Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments
related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
The Company distributes its products through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. The Company
also sells its products directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. A
substantial majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank support or
financing arrangements, or credit insurance. The Company’s exposure to credit and collectibility risk on its trade receivables is
higher in certain international markets and its ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. The Company also has unsecured vendor
non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendors that manufacture sub-
assemblies or assemble final products for the Company. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with long-term
supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components. As of September 28, 2019, a significant portion of the Company’s
trade receivables was concentrated within cellular network carriers, and its vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to
long-term supply agreements were concentrated among a few individual vendors located primarily in Asia. While the Company has
procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term
prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses.
The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or
exposure to additional tax liabilities.
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland, where a number of the Company’s
subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant
change. The Company’s effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory
tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation, including in the
U.S. and Ireland.
The Company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and
other tax authorities and governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from
these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these
examinations. If the Company’s effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in the U.S. or Ireland, or if the ultimate determination
of the Company’s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Company’s financial condition and
operating results could be materially adversely affected.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
The Company’s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California. As of September 28, 2019, the Company owned or leased
facilities and land for corporate functions, R&D, data centers, retail and other purposes at locations throughout the U.S. and in
various places outside the U.S. The Company believes its existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all reportable
segments, are in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary
course of business. Except as described in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies” under the heading “Contingencies,” in the opinion of management, there was not at
least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual,
concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims.
The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting
period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results for that reporting
period could be materially adversely affected. Refer to the risk factor “The Company could be impacted by unfavorable results of
legal proceedings, such as being found to have infringed on intellectual property rights” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the
heading “Risk Factors.” The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2019 that did not individually or in the
aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or operating results.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Apple Inc. | 2019 Form 10-K | 14