Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Valuation of Manufacturing-Related Assets and Estimation of Inventory Purchase Commitment Cancellation Fees
The Company invests in manufacturing-related assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers’ facilities and prepayments
provided to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term agreements to secure the supply of inventory. The Company also
accrues estimated purchase commitment cancellation fees related to inventory orders that have been canceled or are expected to
be canceled. The Company’s estimates of future product development plans and demand for its products are the key inputs in the
determination of the recoverability of manufacturing-related assets and the assessment of the adequacy of any purchase
commitment cancellation fee accruals. If there is an abrupt and substantial decline in estimated demand for one or more of the
Company’s products, a change in the Company’s product development plans, or an unanticipated change in technological
requirements for any of the Company’s products, the Company may be required to record write-downs or impairments of
manufacturing-related assets or accrue purchase commitment cancellation fees.
Warranty Costs
The Company offers limited warranties on its new hardware products and on parts used to repair its hardware products, and
customers may purchase extended service coverage, where available, on many of the Company’s hardware products. The
Company accrues the estimated cost of warranties in the period the related revenue is recognized based on historical and projected
warranty claim rates, historical and projected cost per claim and knowledge of specific product failures outside the Company’s typical
experience. The Company regularly reviews these estimates and adjusts the amounts as necessary. If actual product failure rates or
repair costs differ from estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liabilities would be required.
Income Taxes
The Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be
sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the
financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater-than-50% likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement. The calculation of tax liabilities involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of
uncertainties in the application of GAAP and complex tax laws. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with
management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Legal and Other Contingencies
As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies,” the Company is subject to various legal
proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss
has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Except as
described in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10, “Commitments and
Contingencies” under the heading “Contingencies,” in the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the
Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for
asserted legal and other claims.
The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting
period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results for that reporting
period could be materially adversely affected.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management
The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions and interest rate swaps, both on a stand-alone
basis and in conjunction with its underlying foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Given the effective horizons of the
Company’s risk management activities and the anticipatory nature of the exposures, there can be no assurance these positions will
offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in either foreign exchange or interest rates. Further, the
recognition of the gains and losses related to these instruments may not coincide with the timing of gains and losses related to the
underlying economic exposures and, therefore, may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Interest Rate Risk
The Company’s exposure to changes in interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s investment portfolio and outstanding debt.
While the Company is exposed to global interest rate fluctuations, the Company’s interest income and expense are most sensitive to
fluctuations in U.S. interest rates. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash, cash equivalents
and marketable securities and the fair value of those securities, as well as costs associated with hedging and interest paid on the
Company’s debt.
Apple Inc. | 2019 Form 10-K | 26
The Company’s investment policy and strategy are focused on the preservation of capital and supporting the Company’s liquidity
requirements. The Company uses a combination of internal and external management to execute its investment strategy and
achieve its investment objectives. The Company typically invests in highly rated securities, with the primary objective of minimizing
the potential risk of principal loss. The Company’s investment policy generally requires securities to be investment grade and limits
the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the
Company’s investment portfolio, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in interest rates
would have on the value of the investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on investment
positions as of September 28, 2019 and September 29, 2018, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all
maturities would result in a $2.8 billion and $4.9 billion incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio, respectively. Such
losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity.
As of September 28, 2019 and September 29, 2018, the Company had outstanding floating- and fixed-rate notes with varying
maturities for an aggregate carrying amount of $102.1 billion and $102.5 billion, respectively. The Company has entered, and in the
future may enter, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on its outstanding term debt. Interest rate swaps allow the
Company to effectively convert fixed-rate payments into floating-rate payments or floating-rate payments into fixed-rate payments.
Gains and losses on term debt are generally offset by the corresponding losses and gains on the related hedging instrument. A 100
basis point increase in market interest rates would cause interest expense on the Company’s debt as of September 28, 2019 and
September 29, 2018 to increase by $325 million and $399 million on an annualized basis, respectively.
Foreign Currency Risk
In general, the Company is a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in
particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect the Company’s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S.
dollars. There is a risk that the Company will have to adjust local currency pricing due to competitive pressures when there has been
significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.
The Company may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions to protect against foreign
exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, certain firmly committed transactions, forecasted future cash
flows and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the Company has entered, and in the future may enter, into foreign
currency contracts to partially offset the foreign currency exchange gains and losses on its foreign currency–denominated debt
issuances. The Company generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and
inventory purchases, typically for up to 12 months. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain foreign exchange
exposures for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging
particular exposures.
To provide an assessment of the foreign currency risk associated with certain of the Company’s foreign currency derivative positions,
the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the potential impact of fluctuations in
exchange rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Carlo simulation to generate thousands of random market price paths
assuming normal market conditions. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, to the
Company’s foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements in rates. The VAR model is not intended to represent
actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and management tool. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments and assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were excluded from the model. Based on the results of the model, the Company
estimates with 95% confidence, a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $452 million as of September 28, 2019, compared to a
maximum one-day loss in fair value of $592 million as of September 29, 2018. Because the Company uses foreign currency
instruments for hedging purposes, the losses in fair value incurred on those instruments are generally offset by increases in the fair
value of the underlying exposures.
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Company’s investment portfolio, debt and derivative positions may differ
materially from the sensitivity analyses performed as of September 28, 2019 due to the inherent limitations associated with
predicting the timing and amount of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and the Company’s actual exposures
and positions.
Apple Inc. | 2019 Form 10-K | 27