Item 11. Executive Compensation

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apple Inc. as of September 28, 2019 and September 29, 2018,
the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended September 28, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Apple Inc. at September 28, 2019 and
September 29, 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
September 28, 2019, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the
“PCAOB”), Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal
Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) and our report dated October 30, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of Apple Inc.’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Apple
Inc.’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to Apple Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and
we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the
account or disclosure to which it relates.
European Commission State Aid Matter Uncertain Tax Position
Description of the Matter
As discussed in Note 5 of the financial statements, the European Commission (“EC”) has
announced its decision that Ireland granted state aid to Apple Inc. by providing tax opinions in
1991 and 2007 concerning the tax allocation of profits of the Irish branches of two subsidiaries
of Apple Inc. The decision ordered Ireland to calculate and recover additional taxes from Apple
Inc. for the period from June 2003 through December 2014. The adjusted amount indicated by
the EC to be recovered is up to €12.9 billion, plus interest.
Auditing management’s evaluation of the uncertain tax position stemming from the effects of
the EC decision is complex and highly judgmental due to the inherent uncertainty in predicting
the ultimate resolution of the matter.
Apple Inc. | 2019 Form 10-K | 56