Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit We tested controls over the risk of material misstatement relating to the evaluation of the EC
state aid matter, including management’s evaluation of the advice of legal counsel, the
assessment as to whether Apple Inc.’s position is more likely than not to be sustained and the
development of the related disclosure.
To evaluate Apple Inc.’s assessment of whether sustainment of its position is a more likely
than not outcome, including underlying assumptions, our audit procedures included, among
others, reading the EC August 2016 ruling and available correspondence between Apple Inc.
and the EC, and the EC and Ireland. We also requested and received internal and external
legal counsel confirmation letters, discussed the allegations with internal and external legal
counsel and Apple Inc. tax personnel and obtained a representation letter from Apple Inc. We
involved our EC and tax subject matter resources in considering the applicable tax laws, the
pending appeal, the current status of legal precedent relevant to that appeal and the
proceedings at the court hearing in September 2019. In addition, we evaluated Apple Inc.’s
disclosure included in Note 5 in relation to this matter.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as Apple Inc.’s auditor since 2009.
San Jose, California
October 30, 2019
Apple Inc. | 2019 Form 10-K | 57
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc.
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2019, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) (the “COSO criteria”). In our opinion, Apple Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of September 28, 2019, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the
“PCAOB”), the consolidated balance sheets of Apple Inc. as of September 28, 2019 and September 29, 2018, the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended September 28, 2019, and the related notes and our report dated October 30, 2019 expressed an unqualified
opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
Apple Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to
Apple Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
October 30, 2019
Apple Inc. | 2019 Form 10-K | 58