Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Table of Contents
Claims, Litigation, Government Investigations, and Other Proceedings May Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of
Operations
As an innovative company offering a wide range of consumer and business products and services around the world, we are
regularly subject to actual and threatened claims, litigation, reviews, investigations, and other proceedings, including proceedings
by governments and regulatory authorities, involving a wide range of issues, including patent and other intellectual property
matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, privacy, data use, data protection, data security, data localization,
network security, consumer protection, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other
matters. The number and scale of these proceedings have increased over time as our businesses have expanded in scope and
geographic reach, as our products, services, and operations have become more complex and available to, and used by, more people,
and as governments and regulatory authorities seek to regulate us on a pre-emptive basis. For example, we are litigating a number
of matters alleging price fixing, monopolization, and consumer protection claims, including those brought by state attorneys
general. Any of these types of proceedings can have an adverse effect on us because of legal costs, disruption of our operations,
diversion of management resources, negative publicity, and other factors. The outcomes of these matters are inherently
unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. Determining legal reserves or possible losses from such matters involves
judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. Until the final resolution of such matters,
we may be exposed to losses in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should any of our estimates
and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial
position, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings, including
as a result of a settlement, could involve licenses, sanctions, consent decrees, or orders requiring us to make substantial future
payments, preventing us from offering certain products or services, requiring us to change our business practices in a manner
materially adverse to our business, requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies,
damaging our reputation, or otherwise having a material effect on our operations.
We Are Subject to Product Liability Claims When People or Property Are Harmed by the Products We Sell or Manufacture
Some of the products we sell or manufacture expose us to product liability or food safety claims relating to personal injury or
illness, death, or environmental or property damage, and can require product recalls or other actions. Third parties who sell
products using our services and stores also expose us to product liability claims. Additionally, under our A-to-z Guarantee, we may
reimburse customers for certain product liability claims up to certain limits in these situations, and as our third-party seller sales
grow, the cost of this program will increase and could negatively affect our operating results. Although we maintain liability
insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to
be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Although we impose contractual terms on sellers that are intended to
prohibit sales of certain type of products, we may not be able to detect, enforce, or collect sufficient damages for breaches of such
agreements. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability.
We Face Additional Tax Liabilities and Collection Obligations
We are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. We may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities, including other liabilities for tax
collection obligations due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax,
including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. Such
changes could come about as a result of economic, political, and other conditions. An increasing number of jurisdictions are
considering or have adopted laws or administrative practices that impose new tax measures, including revenue-based taxes,
targeting online commerce and the remote selling of goods and services. These include new obligations to withhold or collect sales,
consumption, value added, or other taxes on online marketplaces and remote sellers, or other requirements that may result in
liability for third party obligations. For example, non-U.S. jurisdictions have proposed or enacted taxes on online advertising and
marketplace service revenues. Proliferation of these or similar unilateral tax measures may continue unless broader international tax
reform is implemented. Our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional taxes imposed on us
prospectively or retroactively or additional taxes or penalties resulting from the failure to comply with any collection obligations or
failure to provide information about our customers, suppliers, and other third parties for tax reporting purposes to various
government agencies. In some cases we also may not have sufficient notice to enable us to build systems and adopt processes to
properly comply with new reporting or collection obligations by the effective date.
Our tax expense and liabilities are also affected by other factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions,
investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings,
losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special or extraterritorial
tax regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes to our forecasts of income and loss
and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, and changes in our tax assets and liabilities and their
15