Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Table of Contents
valuation. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
determination is uncertain. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax expense, assets, and liabilities.
We are also subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions that can result in tax assessments against us. Developments in
an audit, investigation, or other tax controversy can have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or
periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. Due to the inherent complexity and
uncertainty of these matters, interpretations of certain tax laws by authorities, and judicial, administrative, and regulatory processes
in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome of any such controversy may be materially different from our expectations. For example,
in February 2023, the Indian Tax Authority determined that tax applies to cloud services fees paid to the U.S. We are contesting this
determination; however, if this matter is adversely resolved, we may be required to pay additional amounts with respect to current
and prior periods and our taxes in the future could increase. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting
from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the
final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical tax
accruals.
We Are Subject to Risks Related to Government Contracts and Related Procurement Regulations
Our contracts with U.S., as well as state, local, and foreign, government entities are subject to various procurement
regulations and other requirements relating to their formation, administration, and performance. We are subject to audits and
investigations relating to our government contracts, and any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and
administrative sanctions, including termination of contract, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of
fines, and suspension or debarment from future government business. In addition, some of these contracts are subject to periodic
funding approval and/or provide for termination by the government at any time, without cause.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
16