Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Table of Contents
intelligence technologies and services. A large number of jurisdictions regulate our operations, and the extent, nature, and scope of
such regulations is evolving and expanding as the scope of our businesses expand. We are regularly subject to formal and informal
reviews and investigations by governments and regulatory authorities under existing laws, regulations, or interpretations or
pursuing new and novel approaches to regulate our operations. For example, a number of regulators have opened investigations to
assess whether aspects of our operations violate competition rules. Unfavorable regulations, laws, decisions, or interpretations by
government or regulatory authorities applying those laws and regulations, or inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions
threatened or initiated by them, could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil and criminal liability or
penalties (including substantial monetary fines), diminish the demand for, or availability of, our products and services, increase our
cost of doing business, require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business, damage our
reputation, impede our growth, or otherwise have a material effect on our operations.
Claims, Litigation, Government Investigations, and Other Proceedings May Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of
Operations
As an innovative company offering a wide range of consumer and business products and services around the world, we are
regularly subject to actual and threatened claims, litigation, reviews, investigations, and other proceedings, including proceedings
by governments and regulatory authorities, involving a wide range of issues, including patent and other intellectual property
matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, privacy, data protection, data security, network security, consumer
protection, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other matters. The number and scale of
these proceedings have increased over time as our businesses have expanded in scope and geographic reach and our products,
services, and operations have become more complex and available to, and used by, more people. Any of these types of proceedings
can have an adverse effect on us because of legal costs, disruption of our operations, diversion of management resources, negative
publicity, and other factors. The outcomes of these matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant
uncertainties. Determining legal reserves or possible losses from such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range
of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. Until the final resolution of such matters, we may be exposed to losses in excess of
the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have
been incorrect, it could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings, including as a result of a settlement, could involve
licenses, sanctions, consent decrees, or orders requiring us to make substantial future payments, preventing us from offering certain
products or services, requiring us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business, requiring
development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies, damaging our reputation, or otherwise having a
material effect on our operations.
We Are Subject to Product Liability Claims When People or Property Are Harmed by the Products We Sell or Manufacture
Some of the products we sell or manufacture expose us to product liability or food safety claims relating to personal injury or
illness, death, or environmental or property damage, and can require product recalls or other actions. Third parties who sell
products using our services and stores also expose us to product liability claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we
cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to
us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Although we impose contractual terms on sellers that are intended to prohibit sales
of certain type of products, we may not be able to detect, enforce, or collect sufficient damages for breaches of such agreements. In
addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability.
14