Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Table of Contents
PART II
Item 7
STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are
presented in this report. The consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates
and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.
The Company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at
reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial
records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. These
systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful
selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
The Company engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an
opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the Company, meets
periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each
is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche
LLP and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the Audit Committee.
Satya Nadella
Chief Executive Officer
Amy E. Hood
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Frank H. Brod
Corporate Vice President, Finance and Administration;
Chief Accounting Officer
50
Table of Contents
PART II
Item 7A
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
RISKS
We are exposed to economic risk from foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, credit risk, equity prices, and
commodity prices. A portion of these risks is hedged, but they may impact our consolidated financial statements.
Foreign Currency
Certain forecasted transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign
currency exposures daily and use hedges where practicable to offset the risks and maximize the economic effectiveness
of our foreign currency positions. Principal currencies hedged include the euro, Japanese yen, British pound, and
Canadian dollar.
Interest Rate
Our fixed-income portfolio is diversified across credit sectors and maturities, consisting primarily of investment-grade
securities. The credit risk and average maturity of the fixed-income portfolio is managed to achieve economic returns that
correlate to certain global and domestic fixed-income indices. In addition, we use “To Be Announced” forward purchase
commitments of mortgage-backed assets to gain exposure to agency and mortgage-backed securities.
Equity
Our equity portfolio consists of global, developed, and emerging market securities that are subject to market price risk. We
manage the securities relative to certain global and domestic indices and expect their economic risk and return to correlate
with these indices.
Commodity
We use broad-based commodity exposures to enhance portfolio returns and facilitate portfolio diversification. Our
investment portfolio has exposure to a variety of commodities, including precious metals, energy, and grain. We manage
these exposures relative to global commodity indices and expect their economic risk and return to correlate with these
indices.
VALUE-AT-RISK
We use a value-at-risk (“VaR”) model to estimate and quantify our market risks. VaR is the expected loss, for a given
confidence level, in the fair value of our portfolio due to adverse market movements over a defined time horizon. The VaR
model is not intended to represent actual losses in fair value, including determinations of other-than-temporary losses in
fair value in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”), but is used as a
risk estimation and management tool. The distribution of the potential changes in total market value of all holdings is
computed based on the historical volatilities and correlations among foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, equity
prices, and commodity prices, assuming normal market conditions.
The VaR is calculated as the total loss that will not be exceeded at the 97.5 percentile confidence level or, alternatively
stated, the losses could exceed the VaR in 25 out of 1,000 cases. Several risk factors are not captured in the model,
including liquidity risk, operational risk, and legal risk.
51