Item 2. Properties

Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1A
Our hardware and software products may experience quality or supply problems. Our vertically-integrated
hardware products such as Xbox consoles, Surface devices, phones, and other devices we design, manufacture, and
market are highly complex and can have defects in design, manufacture, or associated software. We could incur
significant expenses, lost revenue, and reputational harm if we fail to detect or address such issues through design,
testing, or warranty repairs. We acquire some device components from sole suppliers. Our competitors use some of the
same suppliers and their demand for hardware components can affect the capacity available to us. If a component from a
sole-source supplier is delayed or becomes unavailable, whether because of supplier capacity constraint or industry
shortages, we may not obtain timely replacement supplies, resulting in reduced sales. Component shortages, excess or
obsolete inventory, or price reductions resulting in inventory adjustments may increase our cost of revenue. Xbox
consoles, Surface devices, phones, and other hardware are assembled in Asia and other geographies that may be subject
to disruptions in the supply chain, resulting in shortages that would affect our revenue and operating margins. These same
risks would apply to any other vertically-integrated hardware and software products we may offer.
Our software products also may experience quality or reliability problems. The highly sophisticated software products we
develop may contain bugs and other defects that interfere with their intended operation. Any defects we do not detect and
fix in pre-release testing could cause reduced sales and revenue, damage to our reputation, repair or remediation costs,
delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability. Although our license agreements typically contain
provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal
challenge.
We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more and accessibility of our products is an important
aspect of this goal. There is increasing pressure from advocacy groups, regulators, competitors, and customers to make
technology more accessible. If our products do not meet customer expectations or emerging global accessibility
requirements, we could lose sales opportunities or face regulatory actions.
Our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks. Our customers are located in over 200
countries and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. The global nature of our business creates
operational and economic risks. Emerging markets are a significant focus of our international growth strategy. The
developing nature of these markets presents several risks, including deterioration of social, political, labor, or economic
conditions in a country or region, and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. Although we hedge a portion
of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and
foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenue. Competitive or regulatory pressure to make our pricing structure
uniform might require that we reduce the sales price of our software in the U.S. and other countries.
Catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions may disrupt our business. A disruption or failure of our systems or
operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could
cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. Our corporate headquarters, a
significant portion of our research and development activities, and certain other essential business operations are in the
Seattle, Washington area, and we have other business operations in the Silicon Valley area of California, both of which are
seismically active regions. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or
IT systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. Providing our customers with more services and
solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our business continuity
management plans, and magnifies the potential impact of prolonged service outages on our operating results.
Abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected
countries, which may increase our operating costs. These conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget for
technology investment decisions by our customers, and may cause supply chain disruptions for hardware manufacturers,
either of which may adversely affect our revenue. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy or the IT
industry in particular are unclear. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of
energy or other natural resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources,
necessary to run our business. Changes in weather where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling
computer hardware we use to develop software and provide cloud-based services.
25