Item 3. Legal Proceedings

Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1A, 1B, 2
Adverse economic or market conditions may harm our business. Worsening economic conditions, including
inflation, recession, or other changes in economic conditions, may cause lower IT spending and adversely affect our
revenue. If demand for PCs, servers, and other computing devices declines, or consumer or business spending for those
products declines, our revenue will be adversely affected. Substantial revenue comes from our U.S. government contracts.
An extended federal government shutdown resulting from failing to pass budget appropriations, adopt continuing funding
resolutions or raise the debt ceiling, and other budgetary decisions limiting or delaying federal government spending, could
reduce government IT spending on our products and services and adversely affect our revenue.
Our product distribution system relies on an extensive partner and retail network. OEMs building devices that run our
software have also been a significant means of distribution. The impact of economic conditions on our partners, such as
the bankruptcy of a major distributor, OEM, or retailer, could cause sales channel disruption.
Challenging economic conditions also may impair the ability of our customers to pay for products and services they have
purchased. As a result, allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable may increase.
We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general
credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events that affect global financial
markets. A significant part of our investment portfolio comprises U.S. government securities. If global credit and equity
markets decline for long periods, or if there is a downgrade of the U.S. government credit rating due to an actual or
threatened default on government debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that
more of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges
that could adversely affect our financial results.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC that were
issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2016 that remain unresolved.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our corporate headquarters are located in Redmond, Washington. We have approximately 15 million square feet of space
located in King County, Washington that is used for engineering, sales, marketing, and operations, among other general
and administrative purposes. These facilities include approximately 10 million square feet of owned space situated on
approximately 500 acres of land we own at our corporate headquarters, and approximately five million square feet of
space we lease. In addition, we own and lease space domestically that includes office, retail, and datacenter space.
We also own and lease facilities internationally. Properties that we own include: our research and development centers in
China and India; our operations in Ireland and Singapore; our phone manufacturing facilities, predominantly in Vietnam;
and our facilities in the United Kingdom. The largest leased office spaces include the following locations: Finland, China,
India, Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Japan. In addition to the above locations, we have various product
development facilities, both domestically and internationally, as described in the “Research and Development” section of
Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
The table below shows a summary of facilities owned and leased domestically and internationally as of June 30, 2016:
(Square feet in millions)
Location Owned Leased Total
U.S. 16.4 9.7 26.1
International 9.0 10.8 19.8
Total 25.4 20.5 45.9
26