Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Table of Contents
PART II
Item 7
Research and Development Costs
Costs incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until
technological feasibility has been established for the product. Once technological feasibility is established, all software
costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Judgment is required in determining
when technological feasibility of a product is established. We have determined that technological feasibility for our
software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing.
Generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to manufacturing. The amortization of these costs is
included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products.
Legal and Other Contingencies
The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss
from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset
has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining
whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome
and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these factors could materially impact our
consolidated financial statements.
Income Taxes
The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current
year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an
entity’s financial statements or tax returns. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more
likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits
of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the
largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Accounting literature also
provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and
liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. Judgment is
required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized on our consolidated financial
statements or tax returns. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our
consolidated financial statements.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or market. Cost includes materials, labor, and
manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. We regularly review inventory quantities on
hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. These reviews include
analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy,
and component cost trends. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a
new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue.
48
Table of Contents
PART II
Item 7
STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are
presented in this report. The consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates
and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.
The Company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at
reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial
records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. These
systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful
selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
The Company engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an
opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the Company, meets
periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each
is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche
LLP and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the Audit Committee.
Satya Nadella
Chief Executive Officer
Amy E. Hood
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Frank H. Brod
Corporate Vice President, Finance and Administration;
Chief Accounting Officer
49