Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Table of Contents
PART II
Item 8
Intelligent Cloud
Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that can
power modern business. This segment primarily comprises:
• Server products and cloud services, including Microsoft SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System
Center, and related CALs, as well as Azure.
• Enterprise Services, including Premier Support Services and Microsoft Consulting Services.
More Personal Computing
Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services geared towards harmonizing the interests of
end users, developers, and IT professionals across screens of all sizes. This segment primarily comprises:
• Windows, including Windows original equipment manufacturer licensing (“Windows OEM”) and other non-
volume licensing of the Windows operating system, volume licensing of the Windows operating system, patent
licensing, Windows Embedded, MSN display advertising, and Windows Phone licensing.
• Devices, including Surface, phones, and PC accessories.
• Gaming, including Xbox hardware; Xbox Live, comprising transactions, subscriptions, and advertising; video
games; and third-party video game royalties.
• Search advertising.
Revenue and costs are generally directly attributed to our segments. However, due to the integrated structure of our
business, certain revenue recognized and costs incurred by one segment may benefit other segments. Revenue on
certain contracts is allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying products and services,
which can include allocation based on actual prices charged, prices when sold separately, or estimated costs plus a profit
margin. Cost of revenue is allocated in certain cases based on a relative revenue methodology. Operating expenses that
are allocated primarily include those relating to marketing of products and services from which multiple segments benefit,
and are generally allocated based on relative gross margin.
In addition, certain costs incurred at a corporate level that are identifiable and that benefit our segments are allocated to
them. These allocated costs include costs of: legal, including settlements, and fines; information technology; human
resources; finance; excise taxes; field selling; shared facilities services; and customer service and support. Each allocation
is measured differently based on the specific facts and circumstances of the costs being allocated. Certain corporate-level
activity is not allocated to our segments, including impairment, integration, and restructuring expenses.
Segment revenue and operating income (loss) were as follows during the periods presented:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2016 2015 2014
Revenue
Productivity and Business Processes $ 26,487 $ 26,430 $ 26,976
Intelligent Cloud 25,042 23,715 21,735
More Personal Computing 40,460 43,160 38,460
Corporate and Other (6,669) 275 (338)
Total revenue $ 85,320 $ 93,580 $ 86,833
92