Item 2. Properties

PART I
Item 1B, 2, 3, 4
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange
Commission that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2021 that remain unresolved.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our corporate headquarters are located in Redmond, Washington. We have approximately 15 million square feet of space located
in King County, Washington that is used for engineering, sales, marketing, and operations, among other general and
administrative purposes. These facilities include approximately 10 million square feet of owned space situated on approximately
520 acres of land we own at our corporate headquarters, and approximately 5 million square feet of space we lease. In addition,
we own and lease space domestically that includes office and datacenter space.
We also own and lease facilities internationally for datacenters, research and development, and other operations. The largest
owned properties include space in the following locations: China, India, Ireland, the Netherlands, Singapore, and South Korea.
The largest leased properties include space in the following locations: Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Israel,
Japan, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom.
In addition to the above locations, we have various product development facilities, both domestically and internationally, as
described under Research and Development (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K).
The table below shows a summary of the square footage of our office, datacenter, and other facilities owned and leased
domestically and internationally as of June 30, 2021:
(Square feet in millions)
Location Owned Leased Total
U.S. 22 17 39
International 9 19 28
Total 31 36 67
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
While not material to the Company, the Company was required to make annual reports of the general activities of the Company’s
Antitrust Compliance Office as required by the Final Order and Judgment in Barovic v. Ballmer et al, United States District Court
for the Western District of Washington (“Final Order”). For more information see http://aka.ms/MSLegalNotice2015. The Final
Order expired in April of 2021. During fiscal year 2021, the Antitrust Compliance Office (a) monitored the Company’s compliance
with the European Commission Decision of March 24, 2004, (“2004 Decision”) and with the Company’s Public Undertaking to the
European Commission dated December 16, 2009 (“2009 Undertaking”); (b) monitored, in the manner required by the Final Order,
employee, customer, competitor, regulator, or other third-party complaints regarding compliance with the 2004 Decision, the 2009
Undertaking, or other EU or U.S. laws or regulations governing tying, bundling, and exclusive dealing contracts; and, (c)
monitored, in the manner required by the Final Order, the training of the Company’s employees regarding the Company’s antitrust
compliance polices. In addition, prior to expiration of the Final Order, the Antitrust Compliance Officer reported to the Regulatory
and Public Policy Committee of the Board at each of its regularly scheduled meetings.
Refer to Note 15 – Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for information regarding
legal proceedings in which we are involved.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
36