Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

The Company’s financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus
local currencies.
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar-denominated sales
and operating expenses worldwide. Weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value
of the Company’s foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads the Company to raise international pricing,
potentially reducing demand for the Company’s products. Margins on sales of the Company’s products in foreign countries and on
sales of products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers, could be materially adversely affected by foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, the Company may decide not to raise
local prices to fully offset the dollar’s strengthening, or at all, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the Company’s
foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while
generally beneficial to the Company’s foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, could cause the Company to reduce
international pricing and incur losses on its foreign currency derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefit. Additionally,
strengthening of foreign currencies may increase the Company’s cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus
adversely affecting gross margins.
The Company uses derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any, or more than a portion, of the
adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market values of its investment portfolio.
Given the global nature of its business, the Company has both domestic and international investments. Credit ratings and pricing of
the Company’s investments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk,
sovereign risk or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities may fluctuate substantially. Therefore, although the Company has not realized any significant losses on its cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in significant realized losses.
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments
related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
The Company distributes its products through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and value-added resellers.
The Company also sells its products directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government
customers. A substantial majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party financing
arrangements or credit insurance. The Company’s exposure to credit and collectability risk on its trade receivables is higher in
certain international markets and its ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. The Company also has unsecured vendor non-trade
receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendors that manufacture sub-assemblies or
assemble final products for the Company. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with long-term supply
agreements to secure supply of inventory components. As of September 30, 2017, a significant portion of the Company’s trade
receivables was concentrated within cellular network carriers, and its vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-
term supply agreements were concentrated among a few individual vendors located primarily in Asia. While the Company has
procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term
prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses.
The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or
exposure to additional tax liabilities.
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland, where a number of the Company’s
subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant
change. The Company’s effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory
tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation, including in the
U.S. and Ireland.
The Company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the
“IRS”) and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome
resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the
outcome of these examinations. If the Company’s effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in the U.S. or Ireland, or if the
ultimate determination of the Company’s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Company’s
financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Apple Inc. | 2017 Form 10-K | 16